Add a ggui version for `demo_3d` (#87)
taichi-dev/taichi_elements: README.md

 - Execute `python3 demo/demo_2d.py` and you will see

<img src="https://github.com/yuanming-hu/public_files/raw/master/graphics/elements/demo_2d.gif">

 - Execute `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D

>  - Execute `python3 demo_3d_ggui.py` and you will see a 3D simulation rendered with the [GGUI](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/misc/ggui).  Make sure to install the [Vulkan Support](https://developer.nvidia.com/vulkan-driver) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Execute `python3 demo_3d_ggui.py` and you will see a 3D simulation rendered with [GGUI](https://docs.taichi.graphics/lang/articles/misc/ggui). Note that GGUI requires Vulkan so please make sure your platform supports that.
```

     -M 460 \
     --shutter-time 0.0 \
     -r 128

>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```
